hello everyone
please welcome and join me easy steps
cooking in Indian and Punjabi style I'm
going to cook today a lamb curry a lamb
meat one mornin as for the onion color
no preferences small mother ginger two
fresh tomatoes 1 potato 1 green chilli
and no secret ingredient as for potato
I'm going to be using as a part of the
lamb and garlic like a 7 8 cloves of
garlic and I'm going to be using a fresh
lamb ginger this is my garlic 1 onion
this is my small fine cut on my green
chili tomato and I want to keep a potato
about this size I'm going to start my
gas and as always I use olive oil in my
cooking so I'm going to use olive oil
nothing else
I just wanted to cook my only enforced
once it's going to be stored a little
bit brownish then I'm going to bring my
garlic then I'm going to bring ginger
and my green peppers I guess so
but almost American half two minutes
cooking I'm going to add my spices zero
and this year oh I wanted to add it to
this moment because I wanted to cook it
if I can close in see how my onions are
looking so now I'm going to bring my
garlic my ginger so once this one is
cook I'm going to bring up another like
a half a minute so I'm going to bring my
chili green chilli pink for me to add my
green chili so if we look at my turtle
right now it's already start looking
beautiful and you can take a look
Michael Kaiser pretty much done it's
already golden brown what I'm put my
neat and before I I hope I'm not going
to put any forms at this moment our
spices
I wanted to cook a little bit like a
five-minute of so I would say I'm going
to use the black pepper salt and the
turmeric powder which is they call the
healthy garam masala and coriander
powder
when we make this meat that way I can
close in authority cooking up my fire
little bit so it's going to be once it's
gonna cook like this is going to get
little tender if I do you cook the meat
with the masala with the Terkel like a
five minute with open lid you don't
cover with it and once you think it's
almost done over 50% then we're going to
add our water as for our own taste how
much should the gravy
I mean that the curry you need and then
we'll be done with you I stopped looking
already beautiful it's already almost
looks like cooking we are almost there
ten percent this meat takes a little
longer that's one of the reason I
suggest you pocket was before you add
anything it's almost five minutes of
cooking let me do mine I will show to
you and one and share something then you
start seeing that olive oil we put it
into our third car noises splitting up
totally separately form the me wrong
the third god that means turquoise
already cook the meat is like a 50% cook
now's the time to add our leftover
tomatoes and potato and now I'm going to
mix it
and again now this is the time we added
everything in there now I'm going to add
1 glass of water for cooking let me zoom
in and you can show you it's looking
beautiful and I can get back to you you
also I'm going to give user 1 small bowl
of for the corn what it does that this
will brings not only the taste as for
texture wise it's going to taste really
well if I put my lid on and let it cook
I'm gonna blow my gas about medium I'm
going to let it cook for 5 minutes I'm
going to come back and typical my
cilantro to finish up but before I do
that is about our now exactly 10 minutes
like I said up to 5 minutes I'm going to
check check out your terminals how it
looks like
looking really nice beautiful
the most important part is I'm going to
see if the need is
cooked or not because this meat takes
the time to cook see if we see after 10
minutes if I can close in it's pretty
much good but I would go another 5
minutes of more I'm going to check out
the meat again
the lamb or goat goat it still takes
faster for cooking but the lamb takes a
little bit longer I was more a model for
then you can expedite the cooking with
and a half now so let me open ever see
how it doing beautiful
most important I'm going to take one
piece out and I'm going to see hard
doing
if I can take the piece and I can cut it
yeah I can
if it cuts it well but you know
if we see inside it's all cooked if we
can zoom in to me so very well for if
you want you can have another you know
five minute more look at this how
beautiful is I'm going to taste it and I
will see how it turned out
I'm going to see neat I'm going to taste
the gravy this is my potato chili is
loaded on the high side it gives for my
need I think I - it everyone out there
thank you for watching
easy step of cooking Indian Punjabi
style lamb curry thank you again and
I'll come back to you again but